we have t abum who's joining us now from
RA in southern Gaza to give us an update
on what's Happening across the strip
there have been strikes where you are
and ra tell us about those and their
aftermath and what else is
happening yes certainly Darin uh there's
a there is a clear remarkable
intensification of the Israeli
bombardment and air strikes across much
of areas across the territory and we
have been seeing that the Souther part
had been a very clear active military
zone for the Israeli forces as they hit
multiple houses in Rafa in the past 24
hours and one of the latest had targeted
a residential has targeted an
agricultural land in the central area of
Rafa killing four Palestinians including
a Palestinian young girl ammed a clear
increase also of the death toll within
the within the past day that had reached
15 Palestinians have been killed Amed
more active military surveillance of
drones movement within the past few
hours but systematically the situation
also sounds really critical in the city
of kanun where the southern part of the
city had been attacked by the Israeli
artillery units that are stationed in
the middle areas they have been actively
operating in that part of kanun as
battles are still also ongoing in that
city where the Israeli forces did not
take full control over the second
largest city in the territory and
recently we have been seeing a very
gradual push for the Israeli military
troops in the easn part of Al bage
refugee camp where battles between Hamas
Fighters and the Israeli soldiers
started again to rage in that area after
a relative period of calm in the middle
areas of the territory in terms of the
land incuron but again in the Gaza City
battles on a shifa hospital also keep
going uh keep going as people are still
trapped there without having any access
to flee to the south in a in light of
the very severe shortage of food and
water and without a proper rest efforts
being made by International
organizations to flee them from areas of
conflict till now Dar okay thank you
reporting for us from in the Gaza Strip
well from jabalia in the north of the
Gaza
Strip has more on the attacks
there the Israeli forces continue the
incursion in the asifa hospital and the
surrounding area of asifa hospital they
also there is a a reinforcement in the
nothing areas of a shifa hospital
which
is the new kind of of a new
military in that area also there is a a
a campaign of arresting to many
Palestinians who are living in that area
men are being arrested and women are
forced to
be moved to the sou of Gaza through
arashi the street so this is a situation
there people inside a sh Hospital are
kept inside small room in the Human
Resources Development building which is
patients and medical staffs are stuck in
which is not prepared at all to be for
medical care